<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="introduction_to_google_workspace_admin_console">
    <title>Getting Started with the Google for Education Admin Console</title>
    <shortdesc>Google for Education Admin Console</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p><b>Google Workspace for Education</b> is a set of Google tools and services that are tailored
            for schools and homeschools to collaborate, streamline instruction, and keep learning
            safe. Google Workspace for Education offers multiple options to meet your organization’s
            needs.</p>
        <p>Google Workspace for Education provides a suite of cloud-based tools to K–12 and
            higher-education institutions and U.S. homeschools. The tools and services include
            messaging and collaboration apps, such as Gmail, Google Drive, Google Calendar,
            Classroom, and so on. </p>
        <p>If your school has sophisticated IT needs, consider Google Workspace for Education Plus.
            It has additional enterprise-grade capabilities, such as advanced controls for
            administrators and enhanced analytics. </p>
        <p>The Google Admin console has over 1,000 settings that are often misconfigured making it
            difficult for administrators to keep the domain secure and for teachers and students to
            leverage available tools. Your institution doesn’t want to discover that their data and
            information isn’t safe by experiencing a cybersecurity attack or manage users challenged
            by limited app access during a critical time. The Google for Education Audit is a
            comprehensive report that analyzes your existing configurations for core services and
            third-party tools to assess their operational efficiency and effectiveness.
            Recommendations and details on how to implement changes are then provided to align your
            domain with EDU best practices and improve your institution’s security, compliance,
            adoption, and usage. </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
